# Write a Program

Mastermind is a two-player game in which one player selects a secret code and the other player guesses the code. A hint is given after each guess stating to what extent the guess matches the secret code. A good hint indicates how many numbers in the guess code are in the correct positions, and how many in the wrong positions.

A code is represented as 4 numbers, each of which is limited to the range 1 to 9. Given the following secret code and guess code:
```
Secret code: 4 3 5 5
Guess  code: 4 4 2 3
```
The hint to give is "1 1" as there is one number in the correct position (i.e. '4' in the 1st position) and one number in the wrong position (i.e. '3' in the 4th position).

For this example:
```
Secret code: 4 3 5 5
Guess  code: 9 5 5 3
```
The hint to give is "1 2" as there is one number in the correct position (i.e. '5' in the 3rd position) and two numbers in the wrong positions (i.e. '5' in the 2nd position and '3' in the 4th position).

Write a program that accepts a positive integer $N$ indicating $N$ test cases.

For each test case, the program accepts a secret code $S$ in one line followed by a guess code $G$ in the next line. Each code consists of 4 numbers separated by space. The program then outputs the hint that would be generated for each guess. Each hint consists of two integers separated by space. The first integer indicates how many numbers in the guess code are in the correct position, whereas the second integer indicates how many numbers are in the wrong position.

## Input Range

*The input to this program will only come from the following range. (Your code does not need to check if the input is in this range).*

- $1 \leq N \leq 10$
- Each integer in $S$ and $G$ is in range 1 to 9.
- $S$ and $G$ has 4 integers.

## Sample Run 1

```
N -> 5

Input:
1 3 5 5
1 1 2 3
Output:
1 1

Input:
1 3 5 5
4 3 3 5
Output:
2 0

Input:
1 3 5 5
6 5 5 1
Output:
1 2

Input:
1 3 5 5
6 1 3 5
Output:
1 2

Input:
1 3 5 5
1 3 5 5
Output:
4 0
```
